The cat jumped over the fence.
Tomorrow is another day.
She smiled as she walked down the street.
The sun sets in the west.
Birds chirped in the early morning.
Time flies when you're having fun.
Dreams are the whispers of the soul.
The mountains are calling and I must go.
Laughter is the best medicine.
Not all who wander are lost.
The pen is mightier than the sword.
Love conquers all.
Life is a journey, not a destination.
Happiness is a choice.
Music soothes the soul.
The grass is always greener on the other side.
Actions speak louder than words.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
What goes around, comes around.
Every cloud has a silver lining.
The early bird catches the worm.
Home is where the heart is.
Patience is a virtue.
All's fair in love and war.
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
You reap what you sow.
Life is like a box of chocolates, you never know what you're gonna get.
Time heals all wounds.
The best is yet to come.
Family comes first.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Don't count the days, make the days count.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.
When one door closes, another opens; but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we do not see the one which has opened for us.
The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision.
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
You can't go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are and change the ending.
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.
It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up.
A man who stands for nothing will fall for anything.
The future depends on what you do today.
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
The mind is everything. What you think you become.
Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you're right.
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions.
We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
It's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.
Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
You become what you believe.
The best revenge is massive success.
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do.
The only impossible journey is the one you never begin.
The purpose of our lives is to be happy.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
I have found that if you love life, life will love you back.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
The only thing standing between you and your goal is the story you keep telling yourself as to why you can't achieve it.
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.
Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.
Life is either a great adventure or nothing.
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do.
Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it.
Life is too important to be taken seriously.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be.
The mind is everything. What you think you become.
Life is trying things to see if they work.
Life is a journey, not a destination.
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
